DOCS-3060: Update documentation on discounts (#2015)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/api/orders/discount-regular-orders.md

```
{{< /code-block >}}
{{< description >}}

### Discount regular orders

> To add a discount to your order (except for [pay later methods](/payments/methods/pay-later/)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discount an order (except for [pay later](/payments/methods/pay-later/) orders):
```

Reviewer: Maybe this should actually link to Discount pay later orders rather than the pay later section? I think that's more likely to be where the user would want to go at this point?

Author: Agreed

> - Reduce the `amount` of the order (this determines how much the customer pays).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce the total order `amount` (this determines how much the customer pays).
```

> - Optionally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally, to discount:
```

  - Add a separate "discount" item in the  `shopping cart` for general discounts.

>   - Reduce the `unit_price` of items in the shopping cart that are discounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Specific items in the order, reduce the `unit_price` of those items in the `shopping_cart`.
```

> For discounting pay later orders, see [Discount pay later orders](/api/#discount-pay-later-orders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also [Discount pay later orders](/api/#discount-pay-later-orders).
```
